# Interview: You're asked to explain a caching system design. What happens if you've always relied on AI to design systems?

        If I relies on AI to design systems and I'm asked to explain it when AI is offline, I will strugle to explain it or probably will not be able to explain it exposing my incapabilities as a software engineer.
        System caching is the most critical part of software engineering or system design.
        Any short coming will have long term effect on the system. So, it is unthinkable to rely completly on AI to design a caching system. 

# Production Bug: At 2 AM, you must debug code generated by AI months ago - but AI is offline. Can you fix it?
        
        If I am called upon to debug a code generated by AI months ago and the AI is offline, I will freeze and will not be able to do anything much especially if i rely on AI for debugging too! To debug such code, Will need to understand how it works and interacts with the system of which it was not written by me and i have little understanding of what it does. So it will be extremely difficult for me to do something to help.

# New Technology: A new library is released, and AI hasn't been trained on it yet. How do you learn it?

        When a new technology is released, there is always a documentation, a community, readmes, and resources liked to the technology. It is required to read through the documentation, study and practice what is contained in the examplary project, ask for help from the community on unclear concepts and utilize the resources available for the technology.
        But if I rely on AI, it will be almost impossible to learn the technology thereby limiting my growth, knowledge and expertise of the technology.

# Reflection: Write one paragraph explaining how using AI fairly today prepares you for real-world challenges like these.

        Fairly use of AI can not be over emphasized especially as a beginner. For me not to outsource my thinking, fairly using AI prepares me for real word challenges by ensuring I develop core problem solving skills, critical thingking and evaluation. Problems should be attempted first, then use AI to go deeper with your thinking rather than using it to output solutions and memorise them for presentation and probably interviews.